Acting with Integrity Employee Code of Conduct Revised August 2013 CDT-1001M PG&E Public Information Message from Tony Earley Whether it’s improving safety and reliability, 
delivering better service for our customers, or earning back their trust and confidence, all of us at PG&E1 are working hard to ensure that our company is on a solid 
foundation for the future. Strong performance is critical to our success, but just as important is how we go about achieving results—with honesty and respect, without taking 
shortcuts, and by operating ethically and with integrity in all that we do. To help guide and align our behaviours as we make business decisions that impact our daily 
operations, we rely on our Employee Code of Conduct, which outlines our values and describes our standards for conduct, compliance, and avoiding conflicts of interest. It 
supports our continuing commitment to honest and ethical conduct and compliance with both the letter and the spirit of all laws, rules, and regulations, and our company’s 
policies, standards, and procedures. Use our values and this Code as guides whenever you have a question about the right thing to do. For additional guidance, you should talk 
to your supervisor or Human Resources representative, or call the Compliance and Ethics Helpline at 888-231-2310. Thank you for your ongoing commitment to delivering safe, 
reliable, affordable gas and electric service—and doing so ethically and with integrity. Tony Earley Chairman, CEO, and President PG&E Corporation2 1 In this Code of Conduct, 
the term “PG&E” refers to PG&E Corporation and its affiliates and subsidiaries, including Pacific Gas and Electric Company. The conduct, conflict of interest, and compliance 
standards in this code apply to all employees and officers of PG&E. 2 This letter was edited to reflect the 2015 retirement of Chris Johns as the president of Pacific Gas and 
Electric Company. All content within this version of the Code of Conduct remains the same. Look to the Code Connection to find additional guidance on sections of this Code of 
Conduct. If you have questions, contact your supervisor or Human Resources representative, or call the Compliance and Ethics Helplineat888-231-2310. 1 Our Values guide our 
behaviour, and collectively, our behaviours determine how we are perceived as a company. We act with integrity and communicate honestly and openly: • Deal with people and 
issues openly, directly and respectfully • Take actions that are consistent withwords • Do the right thing even if unpopular or risky • Foster a climate of trust and openness 
between people • Openly give, invite and receive coaching and feedback We are passionate about meeting our customers’ needs and delivering for our shareholders: • Demonstrate 
a passion for understanding and meeting the needs ofour customers and shareholders • Take active responsibility for the quality of service we provide tocustomers and others • 
Are open to change and readily implement better ways of doing things • Have high performance expectations and a mindset of excellence • Are innovative in identifying new 
opportunities and approaches for our customers and ourselves We are accountable for all of our own actions: these include safety, protecting the environment, and supporting 
our communities: • Maintain an absolute commitment to safety for ourselves and others • Take accountability for actions, decisions and results vs. blaming • Demonstrate 
through actions a commitment to the well-being of the community and the environment • Can be counted on to deliver and meet goals and objectives • Have a “can do” attitude 
and bias for action Look to the Code Connection to find additional guidance on sections of this Code of Conduct. If you have questions, contact your supervisor or Human 
Resources representative, or call the Compliance and Ethics Helplineat888-231-2310. 2 We work together as a team and are committed to excellence and innovation: • Take 
ownership of team goals and are accountable for own part in the process • Promote teamwork among groups; discourage “we vs. they” thinking • Listen to input from teammates to 
reach the best solution • Hold ourselves and others accountable for results • Work to create partnerships and to collaborate acrossfunctions We respect each other and 
celebrate our diversity: • Treat fellow employees and customers with respect • Appreciate and value each other and our diverse backgrounds and life experiences • Actively 
seek to understand and include others regardless ofdifferences • Effectively collaborate as a member of a diverse team; seek out diversity ofthought Look to the Code 
Connection to find additional guidance on sections of this Code of Conduct. If you have questions, contact your supervisor or Human Resources representative, or call the 
Compliance and Ethics Helplineat888-231-2310. 3 Our Work Decisions Use the “STAR” method to make work decisions: Stop, Think, and Act Responsibly. Stop, Think, & Act 
Responsibly Apply PG&E’s values to all work decisions. Deal fairly with PG&E’s customers, suppliers, competitors, and employees. Don’t take unlawful advantage of anyone 
through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts, or any other practice involving unfair dealing. Never knowingly 
violate laws, regulations, policies, standards, or procedures, even if you think doing so would lower costs, increase earnings, or satisfy a customer. Make yourself aware of 
additional guidance on sections of this Code of Conduct. If you have questions, contact your supervisor or Human Resources representative, or call the Compliance and Ethics 
Helplineat888-231-2310. 33 Compliance Standards PG&E is responsible for complying with thousands of compliance requirements issued by nearly 200 governmental bodies. Each of 
us is responsible for knowing and complying with the laws and regulations applicable to our work. Promptly report any violations of legal or regulatory requirements or PG&E 
policies, standards or procedures to your supervisor, any other involved department, or the Compliance and Ethics Helpline. PG&E does not allow retaliation for any such 
reports made in good faith. Following are descriptions of just a few of the compliance requirements that have widespread applicability at PG&E. Federal Securities Laws As 
companies with publicly traded securities, PG&E Corporation and Pacific Gas and Electric Company must comply with federal laws and regulations that require the disclosure of 
certain information in periodic financial and other reports that are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). If you are asked to review a draft SEC report, 
you are expected to respond promptly to help ensure that the SEC reports are accurate and complete. The securities laws also impose requirements about recordkeeping and the 
establishment, maintenance, and evaluation of “disclosure controls and procedures” as well as “internal control over financial reporting,” as those terms are defined in the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. These laws require the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer to certify, among other things, the accuracy and completeness of 
information in the SEC reports and the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures, and that they have disclosed any fraud that involves management or other employees 
who have a significant role in internal control over financial reporting. PG&E Corporation’s and Pacific Gas and Electric Company’s internal controls over financial reporting 
are regularly tested, and if any deficiencies are identified, the controls are corrected and re-tested until they are effective. While the Chief Executive Officer and Chief 
Financial Officer are ultimately responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls, the primary burden of complying with and testing controls falls on all of us. 
As such, you’re expected to perform and test controls with due care. If you have a concern about questionable accounting or auditing matters or internal controls 
(collectively, “accounting complaints”), contact the Compliance and Ethics Helpline. For more information, see the “How to Raise Concerns” section of this Code. Look to the 
Code Connection to find additional guidance on sections of this Code of Conduct. If you have questions, contact your supervisor or Human Resources representative, or call the 
Compliance and Ethics Helplineat888-231-2310. 34 Insider Trading Never make investment decisions about any equity or debt securities based on material nonpublic information 
obtained in the course of your employment. Information is nonpublic if it has not been publicly disseminated, and it is material if there is a substantial likelihood that a 
reasonable investor would consider it important in making an investment decision. It can also be illegal to disclose (or “tip”) this information to others who then buy or 
sell securities on the basis of the tip. Examples of such information include expansion plans, major management changes, dividend rates, earnings, mergers and significant new 
contracts or projects. Using this information is against PG&E’s Insider Trading Policy and may violate laws or regulations. Affiliate Interactions The California Public 
Utilities Commission (CPUC) and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) have implemented affiliate rules to ensure that resources and assets of the regulated members 
of the corporate family are not used to subsidize or give an unfair advantage to our affiliates and subsidiaries. Failure to comply fully with the rules can result in 
sanctions, fines or other serious measures. For more information, please refer to • http://pgeatwork/Compliance/Pages/AffiliateRules.aspx • 
http://pgeatwork/Compliance/Pages/FERCSOC.aspx • The Affiliate Rules and FERC Standards of Conduct Helpline at 415-972-7272 Antitrust Laws were established to promote 
economic competition among businesses. Activities that limit competition, restrict trade or otherwise dominate a market may violate federal or state antitrust laws. Such 
violations can expose PG&E and individual employees to criminal penalties, large fines and civil lawsuits. To avoid potential problems, follow these rules: • Don’t fix prices 
or divide markets with competitors unless the agreement will be actively supervised and approved by the appropriate regulatory body. • When attending meetings or social 
events with competitors or potential competitors, avoid discussing any of the following information if it’s not publicly available: • Prices, pricing policy, contract terms 
or conditions Look to the Code Connection to find additional guidance on sections of this Code of Conduct. If you have questions, contact your supervisor or Human Resources 
representative, or call the Compliance and Ethics Helplineat888-231-2310. 35 • Costs, inventories, marketing and service plans, market surveys and studies • Capacity plans 
and capabilities, territorial agreements or any other proprietary or confidential information • Don’t suggest or imply to any vendor that it must purchase services from PG&E 
in order to sell products or services to PG&E. • Be careful that any negative or critical comments you make about a competitor are accurate. • Don’t use PG&E’s size or 
resources to intimidate or threaten any individual or organization. Environmental Laws and Regulations PG&E is a recognized environmental leader and is committed to 
conducting its business in an environmentally sensitive manner. This commitment is consistent with our values and our Environmental Policy. It also makes good business sense. 
Make sure that the decisions you make on behalf of PG&E reflect this commitment. For PG&E to be an environmental leader, we must first comply fully with all environmental 
laws and regulations that govern our business. When appropriate, we seek ways to go beyond what’s required in how we deliver energy, serve our customers and manage our 
operations. Political Contributions and Gifting Local, state, federal and foreign government officials shape the legal, legislative and regulatory environment in which PG&E 
operates. If you interact with public officials or candidates for public office, or if you provide gifts or contributions to such individuals, you must understand the laws 
that control PG&E’s participation in the political process. Government Relations coordinates all contributions and gifts made to public officials on behalf of PG&E. “Public 
officials” include any elected official, candidate, non-elected official, employee or consultant of a federal, state or local government agency. Don’t make commitments for 
contributions or provide gifts, including food and drinks, without advance approval by Government Relations at GovRelCompliance@pge.com. Look to the Code Connection to find 
additional guidance on sections of this Code of Conduct. If you have questions, contact your supervisor or Human Resources representative, or call the Compliance and Ethics 
Helplineat888-231-2310. 36 Even buying a cup of coffee for an elected official, giving out squeeze lights or hard hats, allowing public officials to use a PG&E meeting room 
or hanging a banner with a bucket truck can constitute making a gift, subject to reporting requirements. While some exceptions may apply, federal law generally prohibits 
gifts to members of Congress and their staff. Local governments and their agencies may have additional gift limits or restrictions that can be stricter than state law. See 
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act section below if you work with foreign government officials or foreign companies that may be wholly or partially owned or controlled by 
foreign governments. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act United States companies and their employees and agents doing business outside the United States must comply with the 
provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA). The FCPA prohibits giving or offering anything of value to a foreign official, inside or outside the United States, to 
induce the recipient to misuse his or her official position to obtain or retain business or secure some improper advantage. “Anything of value” is defined broadly and 
includes gifts, money, services, entertainment and meals above certain limits. A “foreign official” includes any officer, employee, candidate, agent, representative, official 
or de facto official of any non-U.S. government, military, government-owned or affiliated company or political party, or any public international organization. The 
prohibition extends to the official’s friends and family members. The FCPA also requires accurate records of foreign transactions and related expenses, as well as reasonable 
accounting controls so that FCPA issues can’t be disguised or hidden. speak at a company event? Q: woman, state legislator, mayor or CPUC commissioner to Is it OK to invite a 
governmental official, such as a congress: company event you need to obtain approval from an officer or Yes but before you invite a governmental official to attend a director 
with responsibility for Government Relations. If the invitee is in the midst of a reelection campaign, the company event could be viewed as support for the campaign. Any 
food, drink, or transportation the company provides to the invitee could be considered a gift. In either case, there would be limits and reporting obligations Government 
Relations must monitor. Look to the Code Connection to find additional guidance on sections of this Code of Conduct. If you have questions, contact your supervisor or Human 
Resources representative, or call the Compliance and Ethics Helplineat888-231-2310. 37 Therefore, contact the Law Department before providing any gift, money, entertainment, 
service or another item of value to a foreign official. Also, keep in mind that simple business courtesies such as meals, entertainment, or travel may be illegal under the 
FCPA or the laws of the host country. When doing business in a foreign country or with a representative of a foreign country, always maintain detailed records of transactions 
involving PG&E. Government Contracts may have special provisions and reporting requirements. Be aware of those special provisions and immediately contact the Law Department 
if any questions arise. Fraudulent or dishonest acts in fulfilling a government contract can trigger severe penalties under the False Claims Act, including fines and jail 
time. Copyright Laws Copyrighted works include, but are not limited to, newsletters, magazine articles, newspapers, books, videotapes, drawings, musical recordings and 
software. Copyright law protects such works even if they do not include a copyright notice. If you would like to copy material for distribution at work, make sure that you 
have permission from the copyright holder before making copies. Check PG&E’s Compliance and Ethics intranet site for more information. Computer software is covered by 
licensing agreements that typically prohibit unauthorized use or copying. • Never make unauthorized copies of software that is licensed to PG&E. • Never load unlicensed 
software onto PG&E computer equipment or download unauthorized software from the Internet. Look to the Code Connection to find additional guidance on sections of this Code of 
Conduct. If you have questions, contact your supervisor or Human Resources representative, or call the Compliance and Ethics Helplineat888-231-2310. 38 Additional Resources 
Code Connection Refer to the Conduct section of PG&E’s online Guidance Document Library to view the Code Connection, a document that maps sections of this Code to sources for 
additional guidance and more detailed information. Investor Inquiries Refer portfolio manager and financial analyst inquiries to the Investor Relations Department at 415-972-
7080. Refer individual shareholders and beneficial owners with questions about shareholder accounts and other administrative matters to the Corporate Secretary’s Office at 
415-267-7070. Legal or Regulatory Inquiries Refer inquiries from federal, state or local government officials to the Corporate Affairs Department. Refer inquiries from 
federal or state regulatory officials to the Regulatory Relations Department. Refer inquiries about legal issues or subpoenas to the Law Department. Refer any requests for 
information from law enforcement agencies to the Law Department and to your local security contact or the Corporate Security Department. This document is subject to revision. 
To see the latest version, click here or go to: www.pge-corp.com/aboutus/corp_gov/coce.shtml The information provided and standards set forth in this publication do not 
confer contractual rights of any kind on any employee or third party, or create contractual obligations of any kind for PG&E. ©2013 PG&E Corporation. All rights reserved. 
Printed in the USA on Recycled Paper















